clean of reality the radiance of the
tree a job from the ocean of reality
creates a revolution
of ideas and evolutions of culture a job
of God's reality of the ocean that over
lives everything that is as if there
will be 49 islands and a great bass here
is that these dimensions in a relate to
one another in a great surface of
existence there is more potential than
there is actuality so the ocean of
reality we are a little sound here and
any a shadow of a South until we reach
our feel acceleration of attention and
then become a real person and this was
meant to be hundred at Earth in her
original purpose and state is the place
where the Senate ones live including the
animals the rocks the trees and the
plants today two ascended forms they too
have sacred body now and when they it
was a fall Tamar basing the reality of
God and human beings chose to discover
chose to discover we mentioned one by
one in a decent unto singularity at
first the world the animals the patents
in the trees and even the stones also
descended to the companion city and
being through it we could not be alone
that's very touching and so this is true
of all life throughout the university
having found a singularity a human being
then rises back to those dimensions and
world control region
first again in the stones and the plants
and trees and animals their industries
detention with ascension with us staying
ahead of us even though they're in the
pure state still allowing themselves to
be sacrifices in to help us to our own
giveaway and we as human beings God get
caught moving too slow in the head that
pushes us towards the light again so you
can all keep abreast with the mothers
and growth as well we we seek we claim
we we we become this heavenly earth at
the ocean of God's reality again really
create as the consciousness of Mother
Earth her greater mind reaching to touch
us to them becoming once again aware of
what life really is on 113 dimensions of
life the capstone of atom fragment the
heavenly man is a crown of light that is
a flower this is a thirteen energy that
is now emerging and that the flower is
coming from a seed that is known as a
great black hole and we and will create
in many dimension directions and
unification a new hub of a greater web
of the wheel of our universe that is as
if only part of reality has been
remembered time when this center hub of
the 13th flower crown opens a whole
other part of the you know universes
will then come back to our remembrance
and perhaps today
greater heavens connected in a central
fire of love will be remembered as human
destiny
so this heavenly man is opening this
flower and is open to all dimensions
shifting moving towards gravitating and
towards our unification of being that
brings a whole new state of evidence in
existence so this man that has 13
dimensions of his body is a helper and a
Chauhan the Lord and in mano a beam that
holds all other beams inside himself and
so this man is holding the placement of
the two legged of all two-legged singing
awakening to 13 full dimensions a
four-legged and all and animal Nations
and opening to the seventh the tree the
plat Nations opening to the floor the
stone Nations holding the center of one
that with each with their own station
with their own realm physical part 9
spirit we are all seen as reflections of
the 13 image of God it's real life
that was 13 petals 13 flowers 7 roots
and fires in the forwards and peace as
its head 11-dimensional again this is
the realm of the Morningstar 1111 1111
Bey is a spiritual we have consciousness
to form bodies of life Vinci conquer the
street demo a neglected body of manifest
God if you haven't dimensional yang the
pain of God attunement so again our
relative tchau tchau tchau shows here
and in and in construction has been like
an egg cocoon of this consciousness
which is this master manifest body of
God which is a very way of different
sheet tanka a sacred woman and also for
the little bodies of form life itself
the bodies of life all of them and so it
is especially of construction of light
and mystery and sound in it by these
songs with a special help of the deer
and elk and the eagle and the spider
monkey on the buffalo to help us to
become to come to a focus with you know
on our hearts get scared to help us and
at this time in this way of that which
is a way of awakening a way of awareness
in a way of consciousness and say this
man John well coach I said you had open
the book now to the center pages in all
letters there in the book are now
available to everyone who has given of
themselves to become aware and so
there's a golden if you infusion going
but those who prepared their hearts to
receive in a good way and they carry the
knowledge of the universities that are
related and released to the acts of
innocence to the acts of beauty to the
acts on behalf of the oneness of all the
forms bodies today of form to bodies of
life